the prosecutor alleged that the delegate milose veloso or is probably
also in the capital are questions today we are with the heart on Wednesday
that people with AIDS
in all operation 25
but someone had come on the field there are four of them just to remember
which also in football but the rivalry are fundamental
artuzi next to the shield there is no doubt are the telephones
the team was created in 99 of there to here the fans marked presence behind the goal
yesterday in front of the athletic crowd
is a female crowd to rhyme the crowd there from the bleachers
but a while back
they have not appeared any more
any question can summarize what happened table
the teacher
the first delivery has to come back to joy gives a notion and remember that
Those are very remote.
the last time competitors were seen
was in the classic against the cruise there are those who say that they would have been eaten the
take off the blouse
not
others guarantee the group was removed indefinitely
have to invest said
competitors will
already were extinguished
slb4ever 18 remaining rounds
took the title chance but rejected rewriting their stay during
this beginning of the year
then all promotional actions
this time those involved in the games
in the day to day of the fan are being evaluated - we need to stop - yes
to evaluate they should be able to change what to do with the list of
markets are training
in the afternoon we will return to the juries
because of this the girls who are a little apprehensive and of course
they are only expectations to manage to come back are 100% of me
again near the maximum in the field - the civilians from the dawn in the center of
development
we expect the debt rating will depend on the
humanity solano
the confrontation with fernando we will give a chance with certainty
There is nothing I will not speak I will not comment now it will be decided
that the fan took advantage to drop the verb pk identify more July of this
year
it was excellent